This template can be used to generate rules that verify the level of detail (LoD) of a given set of objects and/or
the presence of child objects.

**Note**: The rules generated by this template will not require the existence of at least one of the selected
elements (i.e., `path`/`idPatterns`), only that, when present, they must comply with the requirements. 

## `objectSelector`

The `objectSelector` can contain the following properties:

  * Either a `path` array or an `idPatterns` array. Whichever is present will be used to determine the objects that
    will be selected for checking.
    * `path` can be used to declare a hierarchy (parent - child - grandchild - ...) that will be used for matching inside
      the dataset. If only one class (e.g., `Building`) is provided, all objects of that class will be selected. Otherwise,
      the last element will be selected, as long as it is the child (`hasChild`) of the previous one, and that of its
      preceding object, and so on.
    * `idPatterns` can contain a list of regular expressions that will be used to select the elements that will
      be checked.
  * Optionally, a `requireSubPath` array of object classes can be provided. This will add a requirement that the
    objects selected with `path` or `idPatterns` contain a given object hierarchy within themselves. When using
    `requireSubPath`, `geometrySurface` and LoD checks will refer to its last element (overriding the selector
    above).
  * Additionally, a `geometrySurface` value can be included to require the presence of a surface with a specific
    geometry inside the selected element. If provided, LoD checks will be done against this geometry.

## `lod`

The `lod` property is optional. When present, a validation rule will be added for the level of detail of the
target object (defined with `objectSelector`). Otherwise, no LoD checks will be performed, and only `requireSubPath`
and/or `geometrySurface` presence validations will be done.

`lod` must contain one of the following subproperties:

  * `min`: a minimum value for LoD. Extended LoDs (e.g., "2.1") are supported, in which case the requirement will
    be applied to both components (e.g., "X.Y" where "X" is at least 2, and "Y" is at least 1).
  * `regex`: a regular expression to match the LoD against.
